Many people believe that textbooks are obsolete. They suggest replacing textbooks with digital resources to improve learning. Digital resources offer many advantages over printed materials. Students can access digital resources from their schools or home computers. They can also get help from online teachers when studying. Teachers recommend using digital resources to teach their students because it's more efficient and convenient.

Computers are much cheaper than textbooks. You can buy thousands of hours of educational material for a fraction of the cost of printed textbooks. Plus, computers last longer and require much less maintenance. Textbooks are also bulky and difficult to carry around. This makes it difficult for teaching facilities to provide students with lesson materials. It's much easier to provide digital resources that are accessible anywhere in the world.

Students also have plenty of educational material available to them at no cost. Online resources are constantly expanding and providing new lessons and materials for students to use in learning. These can be accessed from home computers or school computers with an internet connection. These are especially helpful for students who need extra help with a particular subject or with mastering basic skills. Many schools now have web-based systems for student reports and attendance control. Even homework assignments can be completed online from any internet-connected computer or mobile phone.

Digital resources make it easy for students to learn whatever subjects they're focusing on at any given time. Teachers no longer need to worry about keeping textbook editions up to date with lessons their students are studying in class. Instead, they can focus on teaching the important subjects instead of worry about replacing outdated textbooks with each semester. Digital resources make it easy for teachers to assign readings, answer questions, and allow students to fully understand the material being taught during class. Digital also makes it easier for teachers to assign additional material to be studied by students during their spare time. The result is that students learn much more material than would otherwise be possible without extra help from teachers and online tutors.
